no borders can contain the emotions of
this war in Germany Pro Palestinian
protesters marched through the city of
[Applause]
dorf I hope that the world opens its
eyes and hearts for the problems in the
Middle East it's not a problem that has
just Arisen it's a problem for the last
years watching on a smaller group
gathered to show its support for Israel
we GA from
while in the central German city of
Frankfurt Jewish associations came
together to call for solidarity with
Israel in India the eastern city of
Kolkata was the location for a rally
supporting Palestine and calling for
peace in the
region similar scenes in Pakistan's
capital Islamabad this meeting part of a
nationwide series of Palestine
solidarity rallies organized by the
political party jamaati
islami England players are wearing black
armbands tonight prior to kickoff there
will be a minute silence in recognition
of those affected by the ongoing
conflict within Israel and Palestine the
English Football Association had been
under pressure to light Wembley Stadium
in blue and white in solidarity with
Israel ahead of their match against
Australia instead the teams held a joint
moment of silence in remembrance of both
Palestinian and Israeli victims Andy
Richardson Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer